config: support config schema evolution (#9461)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-conditional-sections.md

## feature/config

> * Support conditional sections for upgrading purposes (gh-9452).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For upgrading purposes, conditional sections are now supported  (gh-9452).
```

Author: Updated.
